Welcome, boys and girls, to the Jenkins File Post demo.
Let's jump into the Jenkins console family using the same job that we used for the Jenkins file.
The easy way.
So basically it's copies.
A GitHub repository displays a read me file list S3 buckets.
What I did was I added the post section and this post section should only run when one are more than
one stages of this job failed.
And I'm just displaying job filled.
And what I'm going to do is this list has three buckets, says A.W. s three L's.
So I'm just going to remove this last part.
So this command should fail.
So let's save this and then submit this job.
All right, so the copy report went successfully.
So does the display read me file.
But the list is three buckets failed, as we suspected.
And you could see the declarative post actions ran.
It ran because this list as three buckets failed.
So now I'm going to go back to this Jenkins file and put back the three less common back.
And in this case, when I submit the job, the post section should not run because the other stages
should execute fine.
So let's click save, click build now.
All right.
So in this case, the first three stages went fine.
And as a result, the declarative post actions did not execute.
And if I change from failure to always.
And changes to buy.
Click Save.
Click Build.
Now again.
So this time all the three stages along with the post should run.
All right.
Pretty straightforward.
Again, post is used mostly if there is an error and you want to take some action.
All right, folks, that's it for this one.
I'll see you guys and girls in the next lecture.